# The Richmond Meditation Circle

Jeremy Weiland founded the Richmond Meditation Circle in November 2018. For over five years the circle has welcomed seekers from a variety of spiritual backgrounds to share in a simple meditation and discussion. We meet on Mondays at 7:00 PM EST at First Unitarian Universalist Church of Richmond. All who are open minded and respectful are welcome to attend, and while we are open to all positive beliefs, we tend in the direction of the Law of One philosophy as a centering premise for our discussions.

The circle also maintains a site of channelled contact with the Confederation of Planets in Service to the One Infinite Creator. By gradually building a space through our weekly meditations where it is safe to share from the heart, the circle has cultivated a setting that allows Jeremy to practice as an instrument with this circle. For now, the circle sticks to more comfortable fourth and fifth density contacts, drawing its inquiries from the material of their lives and seeking. Other Selves Working Group members are occasionally extended invitations to attend over video conference to share in the energy, intention-setting, and question crafting or topic choosing.

While our regular meditations are public and open to all, our channelling sessions are private collective workings of intimacy and trust. We ask that seekers interested in our channelling sessions be familiar with Confederation philosophy. Also, prospective participants should have already attended enough regular meditations with us so that their energy and seeking can be properly integrated into our project. Contact Jeremy for more information.

We publish all our work here, and a book about these Richmond sessions is in the works for an anticipated 2024 release. The goal is to more deeply analyze the messages and tell the story of this particular circle in the context of the Working Group project and the tradition of Confederation channelling spanning decades.