---
Date: 1974
Circle: Solar Cross Foundation
Event: Tensor Series
Session: 5
Contacts: Soltek
Channels: Miller
---

Greetings and delight of the Radiant One, I am Soltac. My brothers and sisters, that which I would bring to your attention at this time is a brief history of the Tensor Concepts on your planet. The Tensor Concepts have been called by many names in their history upon your planet. Currently one of them is Extrasensory Perception, but for a short time it had been known as Psionics or Psi for short. Previous to this it had been thought by many of your ancient peoples to have been what many called magic. The Medicine Man of your early times with the oxide that he used for paint, with his knuckle bones to rattle in a skull and his bag of nauseous content, may have practiced it in a clumsy sort of way before the first word was ever spoken. He was grasping at principles he did not understand. He more than likely did not even know that he did not understand, not realizing there was anything he ought to understand. Knowledge such as this was passed on from hand to inept hand. The witch doctors of your Congo used it. The priests of Egypt knew of it. The wise men of Tibet were acquainted with it. In all of these cases it has not been wisely used because it has not been understood. It has gotten mixed up with a lot of confusion. In the days of so-called reason it became discredited and there was scarcely anyone who believed in it. However, out of this primitive reasoning rose a method and a science. There was no place for the magic of the tensor concepts in a world that science built, for there was no method in it and there was no system in it. It could not be reduced to formulas or equations at that time that your scientists could handle or understand. So it was considered suspect as it was outside the pale of what was considered normal. Stupid foolishness it was called. No man in his right mind in those times would even consider it. In your present time it is called PK, meaning paranormal kinetics. Thus the history of the tensor concepts on your planet has been a strange one, for despite the gulf which lay between psychokinesis and science, it has taken the orderly mind which science has drummed into your human race to make PK finally work. It has been necessary on your planet that science should come first. Science had to be developed before men could understand the forces which freed his mind from the shackles in which it had been bound. Your science has therefore been the training ground in which organized thinking and method was developed. There have been those who have said that two roads in some distant past had forked for the men and women of your planet. One of these paths had been marked magic and the other science. The men and women of your planet, the earth, had taken the science road and let the magic go. Many of these people then went on to say that men had made a great mistake in the choosing of these roads. But those who made these statements had to be wrong, for there have never been two roads. There have only been the one road. Men had to master science before they could discover the disciplines of the tensor concepts. In your past you were fortunate to have stubborn men who refused to give up their dreams of the stars. Men who were willing to brave the laughter of their world and their fellows, who would accept the challenge if only they could go out to the stars. Men on your planet in the remote past had gone to the stars by using the tensor concepts without the benefit of machines or the worship of technology. Today machines and technology and science itself still exist and are still in daily use and are still of vast importance. But in your future times they will no longer form a cult. In your coming of age you will still have use of and need of machines. However, they will not be machines that can presently be accepted by the common mass of mankind upon your planet. They will have no pistons, no wheels, no gears, no shafts, no levers, and no buttons. They will have nothing of the component parts of a commonplace machine, and they will certainly seem very strange and alien. Men on your planet will then lose their cultural hero, the machine. The machine has, for men on your planet, represented a form of abstract hero worship, for men have always needed ideals and goals, and thus a vacuum will exist in this area. The tensor concepts can fill this vacuum exactly, for here at last is the promise of an ultimate fulfillment. Here is something exotic enough to satisfy the depth of human emotions such as no mere machine has ever been able to do. You may find in your future travel to the stars a type of machine, a symbolic one will be used, one that frees the mind and even gives your mind a boost in the right direction. It will be a way of getting there, of knowing where you are going, and once you understand it, once you get the feel of it, it will be clear and simple, and it becomes a part of you. It will be as natural as your breathing, and it will not require you to use what you call a spaceship. As you learn to employ the tensor concepts, you will develop a new mental capacity. First, there are the simple things, the easy things to be learned and applied. However you will go on from there, you will grow. Some, however, stop growing after a time, while others keep on growing. In each individual, these abilities will not be separate abilities. The abilities themselves are simply manifestations of a wholeness of your minds. They are lumped together, the mind working as it always should have worked, even from the very first, if it had had its chance. There will be many among your people who do not trouble to learn these new concepts, who will be more than just envious. Perhaps you will see the terror and the hate and the envy of the uninitiated. You will feel perhaps the frustrations of those who have been left out, or the intolerance and the smuggery of those who have refused to understand. But you need have no fear, for these are the rear guard of what we will call your old order, holding a narrow pass against your outflanking of the future. Regarding now this topic of psychokinesis, it appears to be one of the highest forms of activity in the human brain, and you will find it extremely tiring if you keep at it for long stretches of time. What happens is this. The electrons in your brain that are affected are first your own, in the cells of your own brain. You visualize a cloud of electrons swirling in the forefront of your brain. You then project that resulting field that you just created onto whatever object that you wish to move, since obviously you do not want to teleport the insides of your skull. The cloud of electrons in a swirling field of force affect the gravitational field of the object, reducing the field. The result of this exercise is that which you call levitation. In your initial efforts in the use of PK or telekinesis, you will be using what is described in your science as the blacket effect. I will go into this in more detail in a moment. Returning to the exercise I previously described, once an object is levitated, it will be drifting aloft. At this point, other forces requiring only a minimal amount of mental control will act upon the object. The first of these is that known as Coriolis, which will cause the object to move slowly in a lateral plane. Centrifugal force will keep the object aloft as long as you are maintaining the gravity field at zero. In developing your PK faculties, it will be necessary for you to try and think of nothing at all, to empty the mind of everything possible. Your preliminary use in the early stages of the thalmatic cortical pause mentioned in one of our earlier discussions will aid in relaxing and emptying the mind. This is difficult to achieve because there are always fugitive images and washes of faded emotions over which many of you have no control. At the moment when you believe you have achieved mental relaxation, that is the moment to try the exercise. These exercises will be activating new areas of your brains, and eventually the new synaptical connections within your brains to these areas will make contact with your cerebral cortex. Now to a technical and mathematical discussion of the process taking place. One of the great scientists in your past by the name of Heisenberg developed what he called probability packets. Your mathematicians may take an approach to this as a problem in matrix calculus involving the previously mentioned Heisenberg probability packets. They should take the trouble to locate the original Heisenberg interdeterminacy formula. Your scientists as well as yourselves will find that this new activity in your brains as a whole may be that of an infinitely overlapping group of what are called Fourier functions in which the nerve impulses play the part of dynamic variables. Therefore the quantity H in the formula can change value at a constant rate from one time frame to another. It is in fact the difference which keeps the frames separated from each other. This you may classify as a timing principle. One of the methods we employ in detecting tensor oriented individuals and potential individuals among your people is that for a long time we have known that the behavior of electrons in your mind betrays a certain kind of thought. By this I do not mean that electrons are sentiment, but simply that their behavior is analogous to that of sentient creatures. Everything two of your early scientists Dirac and Heisenberg and their colleagues have done on electron motion and position show for the want of a more applicable term that which is thought. Our examination of your scientific concepts shows that the thinking, the early thinking of your earth scientist named Niels Bohr was correct. He postulated a wave atom and this atom in effect has a psychology of its own. This your scientists would find useful in initial studies of the behavior of mobs. We find that this wave atom electronic psychology is mirrored in human behavior. This behavior again we classify as mob action and secondly what your scientists have termed schizoid behavior. We believe that most forms of schizophrenia represent a splitting of the personality into both tensor and non tensor groups, sometimes dozens of them in the same individual's brain. The tensor oriented groups become totally divorced from all cortical activity and live in the tensor centers of the brain exclusively. The cortical groups develop voluntary activity unmodified by any tensor control or even any access to it. Theoretically this kind of disassociation can go on until there is nothing left of a personality at all. Your scientists will find the basic tensor telekinesis equation to be identical with a formula well known in your physics although not recognized as such. This formula is called the blacked equation and it is not at all esoteric to certain of your scientists. I would interrupt my comments at this time to state that I am requesting that a printed transcript of this communication be made available to your peoples so that the mathematical formulas I have described will be apparent to all. Resuming now our discussion, a magnetic field is a product of an object's rotation on an axis and gravity is a function of it. Remember every electron is a tiny electromagnet. What is important to grasp in this matter is that the figures in the formula merely explain what is happening. However it is the relationship between them that must be grasped. Therefore it is not necessary to know the math to accomplish levitation only to explain its workings. Always remember that it takes an actual expenditure of energy to move or levitate any object whether you use telekinesis or you pick it up and throw it. In any event you are expending energy and great amounts of it. In order to explain the more complex action of forces involved in teleportation and higher-order PK we must once again refer to the Heisenberg formula. In examining this formula your scientists will discover that the left-hand side of the equation can be discounted since only the right-hand side gives it meaning and the expression is not reversible. The sign I in the formula is a definite numerical quantity and hence not truly a variable. The same is true of the quantity Pi. Therefore this leaves nothing but H the Planck constant and it is a constant. Let us discuss this for a moment. Planck's constant as your scientists visualize it is described as an invariant element in a quantum. The single indivisible packet of energy on which universe is postulated to operate. Can you imagine that if this basic constant were to change that the entire energy level of the universe would change with it? Therefore in the tensor oriented man the mind tunes to different values of the Planck constant and thus is achieved that which is called telekinesis. In simple terms you are going to learn how to tune your minds to these different values represented by the Planck constant. In so doing you are not changing the energy level of the cosmos but utilizing a non-material form of mental energy which can upon a limitless source. The mind therefore acts as a type of converter for this force. It is important to realize that the mind itself is not supplying this energy but is merely channeling an already existent force that is ever-present throughout the universe. One can therefore teleport any object or even oneself anywhere in the universe at the command of your own thought. I would suggest however that you can find your experiments to known locales upon your planet to start with until you have a complete mental realization of the environmental factors on other worlds. The human physical structure that you possess requires very precise conditions in terms of environment in order to exist. Later as you develop more advanced exercises and abilities in the manipulation of matter you will be able to create your own environment wherever you happen to be. I would present for your consideration at this time a topic entitled the Serial Universe. Any discussion of the universe must as well consider the topic of time. What we are about to discuss is preliminary information. Many of your scientists would find it a mistake to proceed by thinking of the levels of the Serial Universe as independent parallel existences for it is easy to accept the concept of parallel universes. Let us use an analogy to illustrate the Serial Universe concept. Imagine that the stream of time is divided up into an indefinite number of equal segments very similar to individual frames in a motion picture film. In one such strip of film the actors and the props in each frame would be two-dimensional and would not seem very real. However by laying another strip directly on the top of the first one running in the same direction the actors and the props in the second strip are almost the same as those in the first but not quite identical. They too are two-dimensional and nearly unreal. Now if you add a third strip to the pile slightly different from the second strip and more markedly different from the first strip and repeat the process with a fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh and so on. Now if one brings a light and looks through the piled strips at a single frame a single instant of time as it exists in each of the levels of the Serial Universe would be seen. No single image shows through. Instead you see a composite. The slightly differing mostly unreal and flat objects and actors add up to three-dimensional images standing in the three-dimensional space bounded by the edges of the pile of film strips. The composite images therefore partake of the characteristics of all of the individual images. This seemingly solid composite then would represent the world with the additive effects of all the levels of the Serial Universe. The main line of reality as distinct from the contributing individual sequences. But since your term sequence suggests time and motion you will note there is a progression and change from frame to frame in each of the piled film strips. Here then is their secret. The recondite core of the Serial Universe is the difference in time. If one places a hand on the top of the piled film strips and presses down then moves the hand forward half an inch. The top strip slides. The one just under it slides a little less. The strip under that still less and the bottom strip may not move at all. But when you now hold the light up to the piled strips again you will see that the discrepancy between the frames in the top strip and those in the bottom one is serious. The instant which is the now on the bottom strip has been moved forward in time a considerable distance in the top strip. If one keeps in mind the concept of the present now as one frame on the bottom strip one can therefore obviously move mentally from one frame to the next in the same strip or to the frames in other strips. But one should keep in mind that in the physical universe even as short a time duration as one second equals enormous distances of equivalent motion. Stated simply when you move one second ahead in time you have just made a journey in some direction of 186,000 miles. One should therefore not experiment with this concept until one has learned the correct tensor techniques. Perhaps when pursuing and studying this concept of time one will discover there is the possibility of a main line of time. One should also be careful to realize that if the strips were to become separated one could find himself in different probabilities of time that are not quite on the main line of time but rather somewhat parallel to it. At this point we must briefly discuss your term predestination. If one says that all events are fixed and then have to happen the way they do happen then that is your definition of this term. But this is a cortical way of looking at it. If you insist on thinking in cortical terms then that is what you would have to call it. However you should understand that it is not a rigid linear series with events falling one, two, three, four. Instead I would like you to envisage an infinite series of overlapping event levels, each of them keyed to some point or some sort of decision point. You will find that there is plenty of room for the operation of your free will. Referring to the movie film example previously stated you may think of the operation of your free will as a big pile of movie films, all of them stacked lengthwise on top of each other. They all have almost exactly the same sets in the pictures but the frames all overlap each other a bit and you the leading character have permission to shift from strip to strip. In working with the entire range of PK phenomena your scientists will be able to trace the new functionings of your physical brains by using what you term a tracer element. This is a form of tracer chemistry and outgrowth of your atomic research. You will discover that the element eccesium has an affinity for the subcortical Golgi bodies in your brains just as you have discovered that iodine has an affinity for the cells of your thyroid glands. X-ray plates after one has received an injection of the element eccesium if placed against the forehead will show the new activities in the tensor centers of the brain that are activated. Thus my brothers and sisters we have presented some preliminary thoughts on the subject of telekinesis and the serial universe for your consideration. I have requested that a printed transcript of this particular treatise be made available for your peoples to study. I am Soltek. Adonai my brothers and sisters of earth. Adonai.