---
Date: 1974
Circle: Solar Cross Foundation
Event: Tensor Series
Session: 4
Contacts: Kortan
Channels: Miller
---
Greetings, in the light of our Radiant One, I am Cortán. For a great period of time we have engaged in a mighty effort, that of the dissemination of certain of our thought concepts to your people. Those involved with the Solar Cross have been instrumental in helping in this matter. We have devoted considerable time in the readying of these thoughts, so that your minds could understand them and have little difficulty grasping their import. I would remind you that in your past our brother SolTech presented certain of our tensor equations. We have noted that in one of them a certain phrase has caused some confusion in your minds. I would take this opportunity to clarify its meaning. The confusing statement was this, the map is not the territory. Let us take a moment to examine that statement. The easy interpretation is that one must not confuse the symbol, which the map is, with the actual territory being described by the map. That conclusion is correct, but let us carry it one step further. You will notice that I used the term symbol. I will now state that particular phrase in a different manner, which may reveal another of its facets to your awareness. It is this, the symbol is likened to the territory that it describes. The map, therefore, is a very crude symbol. Let us now consider a refined and accurate symbol. Let us take, for example, a photograph of the territory. Now are we correct in stating that the photograph is a symbol of the territory? And what do we mean by the term is? In your thoughts it is easy to glimpse confused meanings because of semantic word connotations, past experiences, and certain interpretations you are acquainted with. When we use the term is in your language, are we not saying likened to? After all, if a symbol has the attributes, the characteristics, captures the image, and is reasonable and accurate, then truly we have a symbol that does represent the territory on the thought level. In our observations of many fields of thought and human behavior upon your world, we have noted that there are those among your people who employ symbols in their daily living without being aware of it. None of them realize their proximity to a doorway into another dimension. We speak now in terms of the employment of symbols. For this purpose, symbols can be endowed with many different characteristics. The mind merely assigns the ones needed. Therefore symbols play an important part in the transition of thought from the levels of thought alone into that which you call the material world. Symbols act as a conversion device whereby a thought can manifest itself in the physical world. They are an operative tool that the mind employs. The mind creates a thought. A symbol becomes the tool employed by the mind to translate the thought into the physical realms at some point in time. Conversely, anything that exists in the physical can be translated through the means of a symbol back into the realms of thought. This is not overly complex. In fact, it is quite simple. The point I wish to impress you with is this. It is the pattern of relationships that you are dealing with that is important. When using symbols and symbolic patterns of relationships, it is necessary that they represent operational qualities. I trust that these statements will provoke a great deal of thought, and I will now summarize the important points. One must come to realize that symbols are the tools that thought uses. They provide the means for the translation of thought. They are the missing link in your thinking. Symbols work in both directions, from the physical level to the mental one, and vice versa. Thoughts originate on the mental level and will, in time, manifest as completed forms on the physical level. Physical things and objects and so forth are evolved thought forms. Their master blueprint still remains in the levels of thought. One can trace back from the physical to the original thought archetype. Some of your time should be devoted to this method of examining causes, for it will open new and fertile vistas of thinking. Symbols can be designed and arranged to represent new things and objects. The amount of thought force exerted on the higher levels determines how rapidly the translation from the mental to the physical takes place. Symbols can be arranged into working relationships so that mechanisms can operate in both the mental and physical levels at the same time. In this instance, the best symbols are those that resemble either the thought or mechanism in greatest detail. In the employment of mental telepathy, symbols and objects can be used, providing they possess the mental imprint of the particular individual to be communicated with. The mind establishes the tuning in and selection of an individual's unique thought patterns and frequency. Once the connection is firmly planted as a pattern of relationships and frequency in the mind of each party involved in the communication, the selective symbol is stored as a memory pattern. A symbol, therefore, allows the fixing of one's telepathic attention on the thoughts of the selected communicant. I would suggest that your people devote both time and effort to this phase of the Tensor Concepts. The results that you achieve will be in direct relationship to the effort you expend. One should remember there are no free passes to the realms of thought. This concludes this preliminary discussion on symbols. I trust these thoughts will be of value to you. I am Cortán, Adonay. Greetings in the light of the Radiant One, I am Soltac. When using the Tensor Concepts, we can say that at least one other part of your brain, which nobody uses even when thinking, can be in continuous operation for you. It is not an activity of your cerebral cortex or your gray matter. It is a submerged, every-minute-of-the-day activity of which you are not conscious. We say that this new functioning is located in the four-fifths of your brain for which no function is known at this time. It does not conform to any of the sensory wave responses that you know or recognize. In employing these techniques, you will be opening up new synapses, new impulse channels from nerve cell to nerve cell, many of them you have never used before, and they may still be in a highly primitive state. These individual synapses are just building blocks for two very general brain functions. The first that I would bring to your attention is that which you call ESP, or Extrasensory Perception, and the other is called Psychokinesis, or Telekinesis, or just PK for short. ESP helps you to detect things, objects, events, and thoughts. PK enables you to act upon them. All of the side effects, such as precognition, telepathy, clairvoyance, levitation, teleportation, and so on, are simply different manifestations of these two basic functions, just as colors are different manifestations of light. The first of these, ESP, is the more widely known one, but PK, the second, is just as important. In telepathy, then, you will find there is no analogy for sending and receiving, though your people may wish to use those terms for convenience. Telepathy is just one factor of your tensor-oriented brain and mind. It is a perception, not an action. It is as nearly passive as the detection of sound. A telepath perceives a thought as he would any other event in space-time. A mind which holds a thought does not need to send it. And if it were the mind of a non-telepath, it could never receive anything which did not come to it through the usual channels of the senses. Nevertheless, there is a principle by which telepathic attention can be focused on the desired thought. Our brother Kortaan mentioned this previously. Thought-detecting is not limited by distance, nor is the range of a transmitted thought. Transmitted communication can operate throughout the universe, and such communication is instantaneous. Thoughts and their transmission and reception operate beyond the scope of the physical universe. They do not obey physical laws, however they do obey the laws that exist in the dimension that thought occupies. For the mind transcends all that is physical in its operation. It is only the physical brain, the tool of your mind, that needs to be trained by the tensor concepts. Your mind already knows the techniques of the tensor concepts. The problem is in impressing them upon the physical brain. Once you have learned these concepts, you shall be admitted to the fraternity of man. In our future and continuing discussions of the tensor concepts, we will be exploring many of the various ways to assist you in this learning process. You may start by realizing that there is a mental continuum or dimension, but there is no psychic continuum, because what you on earth call psychic gifts are only the side effects of our previously mentioned fundamental traits ESP and PK, each with a real existence in the universe. These faculties detect and move things in space and time, and are in turn detected and moved. You will soon start learning about the concept of an overlapping series of space-time planta. The tensor faculties help you to pursue a single line of thought for any period of time. This many of you find difficult to do. An example I can quote is as follows. Our brother known as Cortan is, at the moment, relaying my thoughts to you. However, at the same time, he is supervising some seven thousand thought transmissions in this your solar system and throughout this section of the galaxy. His ability, which is not unique, allows him at any moment in time to focus his mental attention on all or any one of these communications. In your present mental state, you are perhaps appalled at such a feat. However, all is possible in the realms of thought. Thought is an event occurring within that individuality of consciousness that is uniquely you. It occurs merely on a subtler level of awareness, one not far removed from the physical world. True, it is of a finer and subtler nature, and true, the abilities that one can exercise upon the levels of thought would seem truly miraculous to you who have only the orientation provided by your present mental environment. No thought shields exist other than those created by an individual's field of thought. There is nothing in the physical universe that cannot be penetrated by a thought. The remote corners of the galaxies can be reached instantaneously by thought. One's physical body can, as well, be transported or teleported by the power of the mind anywhere in the universe or, closer to home, anywhere about your planet. Your mind does not require the use of a physical vehicle to transport your body thusly. There is nothing else involved in this process other than your ability to mentally grasp the concept and the technique employed. One can, as well, see the future, visit the past, explore the present, and move about anywhere and everywhere at the command of thought and of the mind. One of the great handicaps which make it difficult for you to grasp this unlimited potential of the mind is your common belief that the mind is located inside your brain. Soon via the tensor concepts you will come to the realization that the mind exists outside and beyond that which you call the brain and your bodies. When this fact enters your awareness and is finally understood, you will have made a most important step in your training. The next hurdle is believing in your own ability to utilize your own mental potentials. Many of you cringe at the thought of receiving another's thoughts. Still others among you dislike the idea that others can receive your thoughts, as many of you harbor thoughts not worthy of your true being. True, as you master your telepathic abilities, you will learn how to create a thought shield. But before you all breathe a sigh of relief, please understand this. When you employ a thought shield, you are like a lighted beacon, calling yourself to the attention of every telepath near you. One of the toughest lessons you are going to learn is that of cleaning up your thoughts and disposing of all that is unworthy of the light within you. One among you will enter your new age using a thought shield. When I make the statement that the majority on your planet are all readily utilizing minds that are shielded, you will wonder why this is so. One of the side effects of the detrimental radiation received from your sun has caused a gene mutation. This has been passed on from parents to offspring. However, the new radiations now being received by all on your planet will cause your handicap to disappear. Such additional training you receive through the tensor concepts will also help dissipate your present thought shields. In the past, some among you were able to dispose of these thought shields. Those who accomplished this were considered the great sages of their time. You see, a shield works both ways. It prevents your thoughts from being received, but it also prevents you from receiving thoughts from the source of all enlightenment. Now perhaps you will understand why we seldom encounter a shielded mind. People of Earth, you must come to the realization that your planet is changing. As it enters what many have called a new age, you must change as well. As your telepathic abilities develop, you will become exposed to and receive the thoughts emanating from highly advanced minds. Those on other worlds have experienced the learning of great truths. Your questing mind, once it loses its telepathic probing of the mental levels of awareness, will encounter the thoughts of many advanced minds. We, your brothers in space, and many other beings even more advanced than we are, are waiting to welcome you. As our brother Hatton once said, a reunion many of us have waited for. None among us employ a thought shield. You are welcome to share that which we have learned, for you will be recognized as a brother, a member of the creation called man. At this point I will conclude these thoughts for the moment on the subject of telepathy. I shall appreciate the privilege of sharing additional such thoughts as we present the continuing tensor concepts. I shall leave you with this thought. Physically, you and I are separated by vast distances in space and time, but mentally we are but a thought apart. I am Soltek. Adonai, my brothers and sisters, Adonai.