Our discussion this evening, I think, would be rather interesting if we were to divide it into two sections. The first part of the discussion will pertain to the background of this group and the galaxy series. The second part of the discussion will include some of the concepts, the thoughts, the reactions of our space brains as we have interpreted them through our contacts that have now been going on since 1956. Before we go any further, I wish to take this opportunity to introduce to you one who is very dear to me, one who is, in my opinion, second only to the space brains themselves, in the production of the communications that we have had the great honor and pleasure to have had through these years, Mr. Richard Moore. Would you stand just a moment, Richard, please? Perhaps I should define the galaxy program. This talk this evening was to be based primarily on the story of galaxies. I might explain, for those of you who may have not heard about it, that galaxy is the name of a radio series of 13 broadcasts that is made up from the talks that our space brains have given us. This broadcast series was sent out over the air starting on the 21st, if I recall correctly, of last September and terminating on the 7th of December in 1958. The story itself is rather interesting, we believe. However, before we go into that, let's see what happened before that time. The little group that originally got together back in 1955 or early 1956 simmered down to about seven in number at that time. Now, this group was made up of people who were very seriously, deeply interested in the investigation of space phenomena. When I say space phenomena, I mean the physical aspects, the so-called sightings of flying saucers and so on and so on. And also the other phase of this whole project, namely the attempt at communication with space beings. This little group was rather a heterogeneous outfit, to say the least. The background of them, their background was entirely different, coming from many walks in life. Their daily activities are different, but the group did have that one common thing in mind, this interest in space phenomena. It happens, I might mention in passing, that among the experiences of this group, many of them had had the actual experience of contacting and communicating with space beings. Some of them through the medium of shortwave radio. Some through the medium of a light beam instrument that was given to them by the space people, the design of it. Some of them by actual long-distance telephone communication. And some of them through this other means or mechanism that we will discuss a little more in detail later on, the so-called cancer beam. So you see, this group was kind of a mixed-up outfit, to say the least. About that time, along in 1956, the group had been receiving many, many communications from our space friends. But in those days, most of the communications consisted of back-and-forth conversations. They'd say something and there'd be a question asked and a discussion. It was just a conversation, you might call it. But through these conversations, there were so many things that were told us, that were explained to us. So many thoughts, so many concepts that were so profound that one of the groups said on one occasion, it's too bad that here are just a handful of us getting this. I wonder if it wouldn't be possible if we were to ask our space friends to give us a talk or a series of talks, that we could put on a tape and then to those who'd be interested in it, they could hear it too. They were contacted on the idea and they said, well, yes, of course, we'll be glad to do that. The only thing that we ask is that you submit to us a list of the subjects that you think your people would, that would interest your people, which of course we did. And from that list, they selected approximately six titles, six subjects about which they discussed in the form of a lecture. That was the origin, the beginning of these six original talks put out on three tapes, that started out to be taped just for our sake and then for Jim Jones, a friend of ours, and then Jim Jones heard it, his wife heard it, and pretty soon somebody else heard it over here. And strange as it may seem, within a year, those tapes went all over the world. We've had many, many letters, many communications, many of the things we've heard about them are interesting indeed. I don't know how many of you ever heard them. One of the tapes was called Two Men of Earth, and another one was titled, that was by one by the name of Valtra, another one was titled Monica Speaks, in which this great, great being and one who's very close to us gave the first talk, I think, that we knew of for the general public. It was rather a shaking thing, we thought in those days, we didn't know Monica the way we know him today. Another tape was titled Earth Man, Come Home, which was the story of our early life, our life on this planet, way back, before Atlantis and Lemuria, during that time and afterwards. The fourth tape, as I recall, was the story of Moldeck, which was the name that the space beings gave in their language for the planet that was destroyed, the planet that was at one time a part of our solar system and was located between Mars and Jupiter. The fifth tape was a talk on life on Mars. Incidentally, this being of Monica resides on Mars. And the sixth tape was a talk on international government. Those were the original tapes that went out. Well, after, oh, I don't know, over a year, I would guess, there were many reactions. And then, of course, like all good things, it must come to an end. So we discontinued those tapes. After they were discontinued, the group more or less dissolved. And there were a few of us, however, who remained in communication with our space friends. All activities, as far as the public is concerned, were adjourned. We passed out of the picture. Then about, oh, a year and a half ago, perhaps something like that, another one or two more joined the group. And then communication started over. But this time, they were different. We observed more changes. Now, the first tapes that came out, we thought in those days, and frankly, friends, to this day, we've never seen anything to surpass them in the way of thought provocation. But in spite of that, when our space friends began an intensive communication series with us, the second time, we found a marked change in their subject matter. It started out with a series of personal instructions to us. Instructions that I'll have to confess to you were so far ahead of us that we couldn't comprehend them. Instructions that I'll have to confess to you were so far ahead of us that we couldn't comprehend them. I recall very clearly that this first instruction, they said would be very brief. They told us that we would assimilate this, they hoped, but they would not give us any further instruction until the group, all of the members of the group had assimilated what this first instruction was. But believe it or not, when we received this, it was just a very short paragraph, all around one simple little word, identifying. Identifying. And I believe that we're old fashioned. We thought we knew what we were talking about and thinking about when we used this word. Electricity. So, when they were so specific in telling us that they wouldn't give us any further instruction until we had assimilated this, we thought maybe it might pay us to kind of look around a little bit and see what this thing is about. We did. Some of us went into some encyclopedias and some read some very outstanding works from world thinkers. It was a revelation to say the least. What we learned about identifying. The idea of identifying. How limiting it is. What it does, what it does not do, and so on. Well, I won't go into any further than that. That's the way the thing started out. In this past two years, we have received six of these instructions. It took months before we got the second one. So they are few and far between, to say the least. But they're all just as simple and just as potent as the first one, along different lines. Then, oh, I would guess, around the time of February of last year, in one of our communications, our first friends made a very incidental remark. It was something like this. Before the year is out, you people will put out a radio series of thirteen broadcasts. Well, you know that saying is crazy on the paper. In the first place, none of us had the remotest idea of what goes to make up radio technique, introduction, or in any other way. It was the farthest thing removed from our consciousness. So like all typical humans, we proceeded to forget it. As a matter of fact, I don't believe at the end of the talk, we could have told you to save our souls if they hadn't made the statement. That's how much an impression it made. Well, time went on, and it wasn't until about the middle of August, when, on this occasion, out of the clear blue, they said, we are now ready to give you the information on the radio broadcast series. Are you ready? Huh. Well, then of course we began to delve into this thing. We realized there isn't much way to turn because of the nature of the whole thing. They told us that it would be a series of talks that they would give to the public. Well, right on the face of it, you know, it kind of shakes you when you think it comes right out of the air. So, they said, now, they made it clear to us, this isn't difficult, don't get jumpy about it. All you need to do is so-and-so and so-and-so. Among them was this. Now, on the first broadcast, we were well aware that the first broadcast would either make or break the series. Naturally, because of the controversial nature of it, it had to be put up right. Now, what we suggest you is this. You people, just each one of you, write what you think would be the best talk for the 15 minutes. And I am sure that we can mix these talks and from it we'll get a good first broadcast. Well, there were four of us, as I recall, really tied into this thing. We made this, each one of us wrote what we thought was the talk. We went further than that. We put it on, each one of us put it on a tape. We did the job upright, I tell you. So, the night that we were to hear all these talks and pick the cream, of course, just among us, we wouldn't let anybody else know this, but each one of us felt, I'm sure, there's no use in the other guy's talk. It's no good, mine's the only one. You know. However, we were very gracious and very tolerant. Why, yes, let's hear yours. So, this happened up at Arrowhead Lake. We were at a friend's house who had never heard anything about dying saucers, as far as we know, very little about them. So, you can realize how shocked he was when this thing broke. We had a tape machine and each one of us gave his talk. Oh, a master, I tell you. It was good. I tell you, it was good. But as we heard each one, we all realized that this was terrible. This was just awful. And about that time, our friend, Monica, said, My friends, we have heard your noble efforts in this matter. If you don't object, I will give you the first talk now. Just that quick, and away it went. Well, of course, the old tape machine was cranked up. And that made up the first talk of the radio series. I don't know whether any of you have heard it. It is in the form of a narration. It was narrated by one of us. But it was, in our opinion, one of the finest things because it was a critical subject, a controversial subject, and he treated it the best. So, that was the beginning. Then, the second talk. From then on, we learned a lot, of course. And the second talk was one that was quite different. That was the talk that was to be given by Monica. Incidentally, I'll just read the list at this time of these talks. The first one was the introductory comments, as I said, narrated by one of the staff of Galaxy. The second talk was titled Methods of Communication. This was given by Monica. And it goes on to explain the different methods that they have of communicating with people on this planet. It's a very interesting and informative talk. He mentions the different ways, the light beam and the shortwave and all these, including this telephone thing. He explains how they work, why they use certain types more than others, why they don't, why they refrain from using certain methods of communication. The third talk is a verbal tour of the largest broadcasting communication center in our solar system. It is located on Mars, and it is called KOR. This talk is given by another very great space being who goes with the title of Soltech. The fourth talk was a talk titled Power. It's a talk that gives the history of the use of electricity and particularly magnetism back through the ages on our planet. Back through ancient Egypt and way beyond. It is very interesting, to say the least. That was narrated, by the way, by a member of the staff of Galaxy. The fifth broadcast was titled Magnetics. It was given by a space being, a space scientist, whose name is Balerion. It, too, he speaks as many scientists do. You're well aware, of course, that scientists, as they go, are not the world's best speakers. I mean as far as oratory is concerned. This man was no exception. He knew his subject. He speaks very rapidly. He speaks quite mechanically. He never misses any words or uses one word too many. He seems, he impresses us as being kind of a nervous gentleman. Ready to go every minute. He, on some occasions, has made remarks of a little touch of satire, you might say, as a result of impatience on his part, because people are maybe a little bit slow in thinking or a little bit slow to react. But even with that, it is a very interesting talk and this man really knows his subject. The sixth talk was given by Manta, again. This talk is titled, Earth's Relation to the Other Planets of our Solar System. In our opinion, this was the most radical talk of the whole 13. Now, I mean that in this way. Manta really doesn't pull his punches. He calls a spade a spade and there are quite a few spades. But it's very interesting. The seventh talk was titled, The Great Pyramid, which is a description of the Great Pyramid in Egypt. Who built it? When it was built? Why it was built? What is the thing poetry is used today? Its accurate dimensions throughout, as it was originally built. And incidentally, we did some checking after we got that tape and we found that many of the dimensions have changed very, very little. Some of them have been changed. That is due to time and to the alterations that different pharaohs have made on the pyramid since that time. This talk, by the way, is given by one whose name is Klawa. This being, by the way, is not from our solar system. But certainly a phenomenal being. A scientist, to say the least. The eighth talk was a talk at the other end of the gamut. The pyramid was at one end of the gamut of mysteries, of old mysteries. The eighth talk was at the other end, the newest mysteries. Spacecraft. In which he describes the different kinds of spacecraft that they use, their shapes, their capacities, their uses. It's very interesting, to say the least. This is also given by the same gentleman, Klawa. The ninth talk is titled, Profile of Man. That was given by one who is also very dear to us. One whose name is Hapton. Incidentally, Hapton is the one who gave the talk in the original tape series titled Earth Man From Home. Those of you who heard that will recall the name. I'm going to play the voice. The tenth talk was titled Life and Death. It was given by Montag. The ninth talk, by the way, to go back to it, is one that is rather philosophic in nature. But he does give us a picture, Hapton does, of the development of consciousness through the different kingdoms. It is exceedingly philosophical. And Hapton, to put it in the parlance of the street, has a terrific flair for oratory. He can really talk. The tenth one, Life and Death, by Montag, was one of the two, one of two, that impressed us very, very deeply. Actually, because of the very profundity of the talk itself and the information that was given, we just could not confine it to a 15-minute program. Which all goes over the air. So that was put up in a half-hour, for a half-hour broadcast. That one was one of the most beautiful talks, I think, in the series. One of the most beautiful. It gives us an insight on man and certainly his potential divinity. The eleventh talk was titled The Green Emerald. It is only at the end of that talk that you really find out who, what planet Montag was discussing, the planet that he called The Green Emerald. The twelfth talk was a talk that was a little different in construction from the others insofar that it was a series of questions and answers on spacecraft. You see, there have been so many people who were interested in that whole subject that it was thought that the eighth talk on spacecraft merely, you might say, whetted their appetite. So it was decided by the powers that be that the twelfth talk should be devoted to nothing but questions and answers. And we took a pick, a selection of the commonest questions that had come in to us from the people. Those questions were asked by a member of the staff of Galaxy and the space being answered it. And by the way, Paul Alar is the one, of course, who answered the questions because he had given the original talk on spacecraft. The thirteenth talk, in our opinion, is the peer of them all. It is titled Universal Vibration. It's different in many ways. Monta is the main speaker of that, on that occasion. And he goes on to state, to explain, how life manifests on the different realms of matter vibration. Starting way up in the highest, then coming right on down, momentum down into the physical, and so on. It, by the way, was a half-hour talk, too. The thing that made this talk unique, however, was this one point. He goes on to state that from the etheric world, where there are many, many beings whose very consciousness status is such that they don't ever manifest on the physical plane at all. They don't have a physical body. But occasionally, from that etheric realm, some great being comes forth on the physical plane to help the development of life here, in the form of a great teacher. He makes some very interesting comments that bring out the love, humility, and all the other adjectives of this last great world teacher. And then, he goes to make a quotation, as though he's going to quote something of this world teacher says. But, at that time, he stops. And he soon makes the proclamation. It's a talk that we've never forgotten, by the way. There are some interesting things that I'd like to mention in passing now about this galaxy series. Things that we never realized would happen. We were aware that very few broadcasting stations would touch this subject. So, when this thing developed out that we were to put it on, there were some broadcast stations, regular stations, contacted, and, of course, that was what we got. Not interested. For one reason or another, either they devoted all their time and energy to music and sports and news, or there was this reason, that reason, or another, just simply for a frank enough amount to say, ha-ha. However, we were going to contact this station, KVLA, to say that we had our tongues in our cheeks with putting it mildly. The night before we went down to meet this station manager, the night before we went down to meet this station manager, we had a little huddle, if you please, with the space fans. We'll never forget it because, among other things, they said, when you go down to the radio station tomorrow, you will be surprised. Well, frankly, I couldn't see how anybody could be surprised by going into a place that was cold as the office of a blood casting company on Sunday, because that is a cold place. However, we went down, told the person who we are what we had in mind. We had this series of broadcasts from the space fans, people from other planets. We would like to find out, first of all, if we could put them over the air on that station, how much it would cost us, how much it would cost us, and what their reaction would be. Well, we were surprised. It happened that the person who was the office manager never even raised an eyebrow when I said this. Well, yes, we were a bit interested. But come back tomorrow, and we'll arrange that you can talk with the station owner and manager. So that was fine. We did that. They wanted to know what time we would prefer. We said approximately 9 or 10 o'clock on Sunday evening, we thought. We went in and talked with the station owner and manager, whom we met for the first time. He said, I think that we can arrange for your time. We'll look into that a little bit later. As far as the charges were concerned, it would cost you so much. So naturally, we wanted to pay him all for it then, pay him for it all at that time. Oh, don't worry about this thing. He was very much down to earth. Well, now, what about the music? This thing had music on, these tapes, because our space trains had requested certain selections of music to be played on these tapes in different tasks, which, incidentally, is a story in itself. What about that? We thought that the musicians' union would be up in the air and these people, the publishers would be up in the air about it and they'd have to pay so-and-so. Well, he said, you see, I have, this station has the permits from all of those. You don't need to worry about any music at all on this whole deal. It's just all right. You know, it's just one of those things you can't comprehend. Well, now, one other point that is, we want to talk to you about, and that is this. We happen to know that there are some things on this tape that are going to be rather shocking. What if the federal, what do you call it? FCC steps in and says, pull that switch. Never mind. We would feel better if you were to hear one of the tapes. Then you'll know what the nature is. And we have got this number six tape, which is, as I said, we've got the most valuable tape of the bunch. We'd like to have you hear this now. He said, I'm not interested in listening to it. He said, I'm sure it'll be all right. As a matter of fact, don't worry about the FCC. Don't worry about the FCC, because he says, I am the representative of the FCC. Well, honestly, it warmed your whole heart, I tell you. It just rocked us. And the programs went on. And we got many very warm, loving communications. We refused all telephone calls. We said that we would only accept written communications. Although the station got many phone calls. And we got a number of written communications on it. And incidentally, I can say with all truth and sincerity, we never got, received one adverse comment. Not one. Not one. Well, that is interesting. That is interesting indeed. However, so, came time about the 6th or 7th talk when we realized that this 10th and 13th, which was a half-hour program, we only set up for 15 minutes, 10 to 10, 15. So we went down about, all around the 6th program and said, told them that these two talks were of such nature that we could not bring ourselves to cutting them down. We'd like to present them in a half-hour program. Would it be at all possible? We said that. Or the manager said that. Yes, it will be at all possible. If that time following your 15 minutes is already taken, and I don't know whether it is or not, now we'll have to check the schedule, but if it is already taken, we will change them to another period. That, people, I believe is the story as far as the background up to the present of this whole galaxy thing.