---
Date: 1956
Circle: Solar Cross Foundation
Event: Space Tapes
Session: 2
Contacts: Murtu
Channels: Miller
---

I am Murtu. My purpose in speaking is to relay this information. We of the Confederation do have a purpose in speaking with you in this manner. I have before me a device which is capable of adjusting the forces of unbalance which exist in the human body. The effects of this device are most helpful in polarizing the electronic cell nature of the body, thereby creating a new force and a general betterment in the condition of health. This device will be made available to your people and to all of the people upon your surface. It can and will alleviate the suffering of a great many. In this device we utilize a source of actinic light which is dispersed through a system of primary light filters. The emanations of this light fall in the spectrum of visible and that atone the invisible spectrum. Second order energies which these emanations consist of are what is responsible for the polarization of the electrical charges existing in all cellular life. This condition of balance that is brought about will certainly result in a new feeling of health and well-being. Since this device is shortly to make its appearance, it is desirable that we mention the fact that there is no danger of overexposure to these second order energies. Therefore it is entirely safe in use. The human body can accept only so much of this radiation. The remainder is thrown off. Be aware, my brothers. Soon the detailed plans shall be in your possession, men of Earth. And now I step aside to let another speak with you. One moment. Greetings, my friends. I am Manka. It is my purpose to answer several questions more than my brother Vultra had the time for. You have asked why have we not contacted people in a position to inform your people. I will state with the utmost sincerity that, for example, your president has spoken with our representatives, and so have certain of your scientists. But beyond this, we have spoken to all of your world leaders. Some choose to listen to our statements and believe, and others, unfortunately, choose to circumvent our offers by not informing their people of these contacts. Mankind on your planet is eager to know the truth. It is a pity that a few would decide that the majority should remain ignorant. My friends, power is the holy entity worshipped by most of the Earth's peoples. The way to this power is contained in a monetary system. Currency on your planet can buy even justice and equality. Those corrupt interests which control your planet's finances also control your people. By obtaining interests in your newspapers, radio and television stations, and all news disseminating services, knowledge is quite easily withheld from the people. Money, however, is only a stepping stone, so to speak, to the major interests of power. By this I mean electrical power, atomic power. Power and energy control all of the nations upon your surface. Could it be that if visitations from space, and visitors from space, in opening negotiations with your world governments, had offered power and energy from a source that was universal and could not be charged for? Do you, my friends, believe this could be the reason verification of our presence has been withheld from the people? Again, could it be conceived of that certain power interests, in hearing of this and foreseeing their opportunity to make a profit upon the Earth's greatest commodity, would see it fast disappearing and seeing also a collapse of an already shaky monetary system? Again, could it be that these powerful individuals and interests would not care to have this happen? For if, my friends, your people were informed that unlimited power was available to them, free of charge, shall we say, it would immediately shake your economic system to the core, a huge financial loss to some. Would you rest easier, my friends, if I positively stated that we of the Confederation had made such offers in the field of science to your leaders? Would it be of interest to all people upon your planet to know that several of our craft are in the possession of your government? That in examinations of these craft, that they know we have such power and can control and use it. Does it seem plausible to you, my friends, that in order to further conceal the truth, that today aircraft resembling our craft are being manufactured so that the people can be convinced that they are only seeing experimental products of these governments? Do these governments, knowing of our power, think that they can use it for destruction or to power their own craft or to make a profit upon it? Do they dare assume that we would let anyone misuse a power of the Creator? Might this not explain why there is such an interest and race to establish artificial satellites equipped with television to see what the space people are going to do, how many of their ships surround your planet? Do you think that we would engage in such a childish action as spanking your government for not cooperating by being hostile to the Earth's peoples? We, my brothers, are here to aid and to help you. Therefore, we contact now the people of Earth, in preference to world leaders who are pawns to factions, parties, and interests. The enlightenment of Earth's peoples, the truth, is what we present. I trust I have been of service by this little talk. I ask you not to believe what I have stated, but to be sincere and believe in truth and love. Let your intelligence convince you if what has been stated is truth. I shall return and speak again to you, my brothers. Now I must leave you. It has been my privilege to speak. I am Manka. Vasu, my brothers. Thank you.