---
Date: 1974
Circle: Solar Cross Foundation
Event: Tensor Series
Session: 3
Contacts: Soltek
Channels: Miller
---

of our radiant one, I am Soltank. I have been responsible for presenting similar thoughts to these on the tensor concepts to various ones upon your world. I refer to that known to you as the tensor equations, our tensor equations and concepts. And if learned and used by your people, these would open up entire new vistas in the control of matter and environment and increase your individual degree of awareness. In the application of the tensor equations and concepts, not only could your environment be transformed in a matter of moments, but you as individuals would know a new sense of freedom, a new concept of awareness that your minds do not even grasp at this moment. I will explain the term tensor as meaning the degree of thought potential present in that called the synapses of your brains, and the term equation or concept as the thought process and method necessary to create new synaptical junctions within that organ you term the brain. Therefore, tensor equations and concepts have to do with increasing the activity of the brain by providing new synaptical connections to heretofore unused areas of this organ. My brothers and sisters of Earth, there remains precious little time to determine whether or not it is within your ability to grasp these fundamental concepts. This is not as difficult as you might believe. It requires that you make an effort to think an effort we have noted many of your people greet with little enthusiasm. The mind is capable of unlimited potential, not only in the fields of expression and creativity, but in the control of all of the forces of physical matter. It will be our great privilege in these and in future of your communications to reveal to those who have the true desire to learn additional of our tensor equations and concepts. We will attempt to present the knowledge that is required, but please understand that knowledge is only information. Nonetheless, some among you make the attempt to correlate the information and apply it. All of this knowledge will not do very much good. You would merely be like little children, delighted with a few tantalizing new thoughts. The first of those equations and concepts I would bring to your attention is this. Tensor equations are a discipline, not a philosophy. Tensor-oriented philosophies are possible just as many geometrical systems can be developed. Possibly the most important requirement of your civilization is the development of a tensor-oriented economy. It can be stated categorically that such a system has not existed upon your planet to date. The opportunity therefore exists for bold and imaginative men and women of your evolution to create a system which will free mankind from war, poverty, and tension. To do this, it will be necessary for you to take control of the planet away from those who identify. Children, immature adults, and animals identify. Whenever a person reacts to a new and changing situation as if it were an old and unchanging one, he or she is said to be identifying. Such an approach to life is Aristotelian, the doctrine of deductive reasoning, the tendency to emphasize the empirical, to be scientific rather than metaphysical. Due to your environment, it is most difficult for you not to identify, but this we hope will soon be rectified. Identifying is a characteristic which must be conditioned out of your consciousness. It is a distinct barrier to your future development. Identifying may be expressed as meaning many different things. The most important, however, is to associate with. If I mention a personality, you immediately associate this with an individual or, to be more explicit, a name. Identifying is truly the stage where a pupil must learn to progress even further. If you find yourself committing this process, you will also henceforth realize its error. The second concept I would present is as follows. In order to be a sane and adjusted human being, an individual must realize that he cannot know all there is to know. It is essential that the understanding of this limitation be realized, not only intellectually, but that the understanding be an ordered and conditioned process, unconscious as well as conscious. It is essential that these conditioned processes be instilled in the retentive mind. Sight must never be lost of the ultimate goal of conditioned reactions. This conditioning is essential to the balanced pursuit of knowledge of the nature of matter and of life. The third concept I would present for your appraisal is this. For the sake of sanity, an individual should learn to remove the blockages in his own nervous system. Blockages are semantic disturbances which inhibit a total evaluated response. Blockages can be eliminated by the proper use of thalamocortical delayed action. It must be understood that the human nervous system is potentially superior to that of any animal. For balanced development then, it is necessary for an individual to orient himself to the world of reality in which he resides. There are methods of learning by which this can be accomplished. Tensor equations are one of these and can also enable the individual to align himself with life in the following ways. To intuitively anticipate the future. To make use of his abilities and capabilities to the utmost. To suit his behavior to his environment. The fourth concept I would bring to your attention is this. Human nervous systems are structurally similar one to the other but are never exactly the same. Any human nervous system is affected by events verbal and non-verbal. An event that is happening affects the body and the mind as a whole. For the sake of sanity then remember. First is the event, the initial stimulus. Second is the nervous impact of the event via the senses. Third is the emotional reaction based upon the past experiences of the individual. Fourth comes the verbal reaction. Most individuals however identify the first and the fourth steps and are not even aware that the second and third exist. My brothers and sisters, because children and childlike grown-ups are incapable of refined discrimination, many experiences shock their nervous systems so violently that fewer psychiatrists have evolved a special word for the results. This is called trauma. And carried over into later years, these traumas can so tangle an individual that unsanity, that which is called neurosis or even insanity, that which is called psychosis, can result. The human nervous system is uniquely capable of unlimited training, but the method is the determining factor. The tensor method of relaxing is based on vision, the principle that a relaxed eye sees best. The normal eye is relaxed when it shifts steadily. When for any reason an eye capable of good vision begins to stare, the image blurs. Unlike a camera, the eye sees clearly only on the instant following the relaxing shift. Now I would present for you an automatic way to cause that organ known as your brain to relax. An obvious approach, which I would suggest, would be the associative relaxation of the surrounding tissue. You now consciously set about relaxing blood vessels of the cortex, the thalamus and the subcortex where the embryo is located. By association then, all cells around the blood vessels will also automatically relax. Now if you will follow these simple instructions. This is an exercise for your eyes. Relax. Look. Relax. Look. Relax. Look. Relax. Look. It will be determined by your individual awareness how soon you achieve a state of relaxation. After the method is grasped, this little exercise may be discarded. This is of course only preliminary to the simple but effective way of inducing the thalmatic cortical pause. And after skill is obtained, this entire method is comprehended by your mind and takes but a fraction of a second to put into action. Practice however is necessary. Now to the method used to accomplish the thalmatic cortical pause. The thought is this. I am relaxing. All stimuli are making the full circuit of my nervous system along my spinal column up to the thalamus. Then through the thalamus and up to the cortex. Then through the cortex and then and only then back through the thalamus and down into my nervous system. Always I am aware consciously of the stimulus moving up to and through my cortex. This is the key. This is the difference between the tensor-oriented and the animal mind. The thalamus, the seat of emotion, and the cortex, the seat of discrimination, become integrated and balanced in a warm and wonderful relationship. Emotions are not done away with but made richer and more relaxed by association with that part of the mind, the cortex. And this savors unnumbered subtle differences in the flow of feeling. Remember then this. The stimulus is now going through my cortex. I am thinking and feeling. Not just feeling. And so my brothers and sisters can be achieved what we have termed the cortical pause. The fifth concept I would bring to your attention is as follows. Remember, in any statement about an object or an event, an individual is abstracting a few of its characteristics. If one says a chair is brown, he should mean that brownness is only one of its qualities. And as he speaks, he should also be aware of the chair's many other qualities. Therefore, consciousness of abstracting constitutes one of the main differences between a person who is tensor-oriented and one who is not. I will state the map is not the territory. The word is not the thing described. Whenever a map is confused with the territory, a semantic disturbance develops in one's organism. These disturbances continue until the individual can discriminate and determine the limitations of the map. Time, space, energy are all manifestations of primary force. Remember then, first exists space, secondly exists time, third exists energy. Time is one axis, space another, and energy the third. Manifestation then proceeds in the manner described, and we arrive at the very core of being. Regarding time, all events, past, present and future, exist together. They do not flash into being in some mythical present and then flash out of existence again when the present becomes the past. They only seem to, because the observer's consciousness is moving along them and hits them only one at a time. Those additional faculties in the mechanism of your brain can sense all of this and act on it directly, while the gray matter, the cortex of your brains, is blinded to it by your pre-scientific ways of looking at things. These, my brothers and sisters, constitute our preliminary comments regarding your tensor concepts and equations. In future of our discussions we will present many other facets of information on these concepts which will be of value to your peoples. I am Soltek. Adonai, my brothers. Adonai. Adonai.