---
Date: 1956
Circle: Solar Cross Foundation
Event: Space Tapes
Session: 8
Contacts: Hatonn
Source: Taped Radio Transmission (claimed)
---

I am Mahatma. In love and light I greet you as I speak directly from KOR. My brothers, my following remarks. You will find quite interesting. I am about to tell you a little story. I hope you are able to grasp its significance. My brothers, men have traversed the corridors of time. All speak but them. The greatest quest of all who speak is to gain awareness and at-oneness with the single omnipotent source of all, the spirit of our creator. Towards this relationship do all men everywhere in the universe strive. We observe the upward gropings of man's divine consciousness on the ever-ascending spiral, the soul ever seeking its greatest attainment, its reunion with its divine source. Incarnation after incarnation is experienced in this compelling desire to again be present with its source. The soul spiral ever ascending seconds on with a glow of increasing radiance as we progress each step closer to our goal. We, your brothers in space, physical beings even as you, recognize this same urge, aware even as we are of the higher and mightier beings who no longer have need of this physical body. Even we have only reached the edge of understanding. It is with a compelling desire that we progress. We are faced with the blinding light of a radiance of such magnificence that it awes even we. In speaking of this One, my brothers, whom we refer to as our Greatest One, it could be synonymous with the One you call God. In examining the writings of your Holy Word, I have come across a passage which I believe could be interpreted to a much greater degree of understanding. As I mention it, I am quite sure it will come into your mind. Yea, though I walk in the valley of darkness, I fear no evil, for thy love and thy light, they comfort me. And all of my days shall be spent in looking about and viewing the grandeur of thy will, O Radiant One. It seems I have joined several of your groups together. My brothers, it is this quality which permeates the universe and rises man above the creatures, this magical being. Can it not be said that his presence accounts for all that is? A greater love than man's own is always available if but asked for. It is recorded that these things should come about. Man's awareness conceived in love and acquired by experience, and so it shall be. May our thoughts turn ever toward thee, O Radiant One, and it shall come to pass. And now among these words shall you find peace, and it must be realized that we are only reflections of a pure source. In thee, O Radiant One, we commend ourselves. Now, my brothers, after my ample rambling, the story that I have achieved, it carries a great deal of significance. Listen well. I read to you now from the writings handed down to our people. And it shall come about that in the last days the earth shall be filled with trembling, and from the heavens a radiant shelter shall pour, and then a rayed in splendor shall the host arrive. Great and shining craft shall bear near them both, and peace on shined the earth shall reign. And it will be said, surely in all of our time have so many been so fortunate to witness the angel. For it is upon this day that the earth shall rejoice, and in the midst of this rejoicing suddenly the sun's light will be dimmed, and at this time shall the people kneel and give thanks. And by their humbleness shall they receive the great white light which shall issue forth from the heavens and engulf them. Cortana here. It is imperative that we discontinue. Till we speak again. Aye, Cortana. With you the great white light. Adonai, you may discontinue. This radio message was received over a national NC-98 shortwave receiver on a frequency of two megacycles, July the 11th, 1956, at 8.50 p.m. Daylight Saving Time, in the city of Los Angeles, California. This was received in the presence of ten witnesses who will state their names and occupations. These people inspected the radio set minutely, immediately following the broadcast, and found the radio had not been tampered with in any manner. Mary Myers, teacher, Los Angeles City School System. This is Hannah Myers. Andy Vail, film editor. Jerry Harris, petroleum engineer. This is Cynthia Harris. Ronald Myers, location recording. Glenn Passmore, engineering. This is Jimmy Passmore. Nick Miller, recording engineer. This is Marvin Miller.