Galaxy, a program unique, portraying information and events that may affect the lives of all people, even you. Friends, we are indeed privileged to speak to you again. Galaxy now presents the topic, methods of interplanetary communication. The many methods of communication discussed at this time make one appreciate the advanced technology of our space friends. On this occasion, we have an unusual experience for you. The presentation takes the form of questions and answers, wherein several different persons have the opportunity to present questions to a friend from another planet. We are honored to present at this time the voice of Monica, an inhabitant of the planet Mars. Greetings, people of Earth. I am Monica. At this time, I shall answer several questions submitted by your people. Monica, many people have inquired about the ways you people have found to communicate with the people of Earth. Do you care to enumerate the ways, or some of the ways in which this is done? Regarding the various methods we have of communicating with your peoples, we face a number of unique problems. Let us say that the determining factor, first of all in any form of communication, is the method of reception employed. In reception, we have methods of impressing upon the minds of various individuals certain fields of force. By using such, we may transmit data or information. This information may be then converted through the type of receiver used. Let us say, in the case of one who is adept in that which is known to your peoples as impressed writing, that the mind of the individual so employed as a receiver is conditioned by choice or by the impression of an external field. The mind then unconsciously directs and controls the necessary muscular reaction to form the style of penmanship, and also the characters of the words in the language used. In this manner, a complete communication may be delivered while the individual is used as such a receiver. In the next instance, where the reception known as radio is employed, the communication may be delivered either directly from one of our large communication centers on a planet, or through the relaying facilities of one of our spacecraft, which in turn is then broadcast upon waves electromagnetic in nature. These waves are then received by your ordinary means of radio reception. We can beam this type of reception to either a large area, or it may be confined to very narrow limits. Another type of communication involves that known as the impressing of information upon what your people refer to as a beam of light. In this instance, there are certain types of material that display qualities that are sensitive to the light vibrations known as infrared. A special receiver already known by your people is capable of receiving pulsations of infrared light and converting them into audible sounds. It may be scoffed at by some, but infrared rays of light are capable of spanning much greater distances than any form of communication known upon your planet. We have, for a great period of time, used this as one method in a permanent network of intergalactic communications. Perhaps one of the most interesting methods of communications used by us is that known in our terminology as a tensor beam. In this instance, a cone-shaped field of magnetic radiation of a wavelength unknown to your present technology is projected by either a craft in your immediate vicinity or directly from one of our larger planetary communication centers. The tensor beam consists of three types of magnetic phenomena occurring simultaneously. Let us call them, for the sake of illustration, a core surrounded by two concentric tubular layers of magnetic substance. The central core is a type of magnetic radiation two inches in diameter, which, when projected, acts on the brain of the receiving person. The inner tubular layer controls the immediate physical environment of the receiving person and extends exactly four inches beyond the area of the body of the person engaged in reception. The outer tubular layer contains what we call the return circuit. This picks up the emanations from the minds of the individuals present about the receiving person. This serves as a carrier for returning their thoughts to our monitors. Monica, how are you able to express yourself in so many different languages? We have at our disposal a device which does not rely upon vocal translation of our language into yours, although it can be so employed. The method used consists of a suitable field of induction, which picks up our thoughts directly. It then converts them into impulses suitable for transmission by tensor beam, which in turn are interpreted and acted upon by the mind of the receiving person. This device, which we call the etaphone, is the machine used to translate our thoughts into impulses suitable for transmission. A translation into your language, in the case of tensor beam, is accomplished through the mind of the receiver. A mechanical vocalator is used where radio or light beam is the communication method employed. Let us explain that the mechanical vocalator is a device which converts thought into oral expression. Monica, have your people on any occasion used the medium of a telephone for communication purposes? In answer to your question, this medium of communication can be utilized upon occasion. However, we do not favor this method. When it is so employed, the mechanics needed could result either in a failure of your telephone circuits, or in some cases, replacement of your equipment. Monica, now quite a different question. What is necessary on the part of an individual, or on your part, to condition an individual to become a receiver? Several qualities are necessary in the selection of those of your people prior to the establishment of communication. These qualities, my brothers and sisters, are very seldom developed in your environment. In the majority of instances where individuals are found among your people who have the necessary qualities, they are generally oblivious of their possession. For example, an individual born into your planetary environment is reared in a manner considered normal. At some particular time in this individual's life, a certain succession of experiences acts as a key, unlocking a communications link between what is known as his conscious and subconscious mind. Whether or not individuals with these latent qualities ever undergo these experiences is something else. However, if they do, then communication becomes possible. Our method of determining those individuals is through a type of scanning device aboard our craft that is attuned to detect a special radiation which emanates in no small degree from these individuals. In our survey flights about your planet, this equipment automatically records when these individuals are detected. Then, after a preliminary study by our field personnel, if the occasion wants, communication is established. In the instance where the necessary experience can be acquired by an individual who purposely desires this communication, much the same procedure is initiated. However, there have been occasions when some outside influence was also added to their efforts to accomplish this. Such occasions, I assure you, are not common. Thank you, Monica. This enlightening communication was both refreshing and informative. It has been my privilege to address you. I am Monica. Adonai Vasu Barakas. Friends, you have just heard a recorded communication with Monica of the planet Mars.