---
Date: 1974
Circle: Solar Cross Foundation
Event: Tensor Series
Session: 1
Contacts: Monka
Channels: Miller
---

Greetings! In the light of our Radiant One, I am Manka. In your remote past the tensor concept principles were known on your planet. They were known by those of our people who colonized and brought the life essence of the Atomic Race to the earth. These same teachings were known widely by many of the ancients and by on your planet during the ages of what you call Atlantis. The understanding of this awareness was responsible for many of the cultural and scientific triumphs of those times. Men and women on your planet were elevated by these illumined teachings to the threshold of the mental sphere and beheld the realms of the sages. The levels of being that destiny and the immortal awareness of man decreed that he should know. Thus by knowing that the mind and the body are separate but symbiotic with one another, it was demonstrated that to enslave one's body was insufficient unless the captive also surrendered his reason and his mind. Throughout the ages the remnants of our teachings dwelt in the hidden places of your minds, proving the mind transcended the captivity of the body on those occasions when its powers were exercised. The true tensor-oriented man belongs to a most noble order of creation. The nations and races on your planet which were blessed by these illumined ones were fortunate indeed, for their names are remembered for their own sake. Those among you who do not comprehend the dignity of your mind and of its reasoning powers cannot properly be said to be alive. Your existence is experienced like one in a state of semi-coma. To those who make the effort to learn and to exercise your tremendous mental faculties, your mind bestows life in that it reveals the dignity and purpose of life. Your preoccupation with the body and things material bestows a living death in that these pursuits both numb and cloud those faculties of your mind which should be responsive to the enlivening impulses of creative thought and ennobling virtue. You, who are a sublime being with an infinite capacity for self-awareness, in an effort to be true to false standards, turn from your birthright of awareness and understanding without realizing the consequences, and pursue an illusionary physical and material existence. The precious span of your physical years are devoted to the pathetically futile effort to establish yourselves as an enduring power and presence in the physical realm of unenduring things. The divine awareness that you are man, a creature of both mind and spirit, fades like a memory as your awareness, trapped in the material bodies of men and women, vanishes from your objective minds as you focus your partly awakened mental faculties upon your day-to-day activities. In the lurid turmoil of your industrial, political, and commercial inferno, you writhe in self-inflicted agony and reach out into the material world, attempting to clutch and hold on to the phantoms of success and power. You remain ignorant of the cause of life, ignorant of the purpose of life, ignorant of what lies beyond the physical, and yet possessing within yourselves, through the use of your minds, the answer to it all. You are willing to sacrifice the beautiful, the true, and the good within and about you, upon the blood-stained altars of your worldly ambition. The world of the mind, that beautiful garden of thought, where the fraternity of man dwells, fades from your view. In its place rises an empire of stone and steel, a world in which men and women, potentially to become man, scurry to and fro in a desperate effort to experience life, and at the same time, the vast institution you have erected rumbles inevitably towards an unknown end. In that physical empire which you erect, you are convinced that you can outshine the kingdom of spirit, and yet everything turns to stone. In this, your science compounds your problems, for it is concerned solely with the classification of physical knowledge, and an investigation of the temporal and illusionary parts of nature. Its so-called practical discoveries bind you ever more tightly with the bonds of physical limitation. Even the religions on your planet have become materialistic, because the beauty and dignity of the spiritual belief of many is measured by piles of masonry, tracts of real estate, or by the ledger sheet. The mind of man connects heaven and earth like a mighty ladder, which the illumined of all ages have climbed into the living presence of reality. In the midst of the so-called learned men, there is rising up a new order of thinkers, which can only be described as the elite of the worldly wise men. These were scientific triumphs of those times. Men and women on your planet were elevated by these illumined teachings to the threshold of the mental sphere, and beheld the realms of the sages, the levels of being that destiny and the immortal awareness of man decreed that he should know. Thus, by knowing that the mind and the body are separate, but symbiotic with one another, it was demonstrated that to enslave one's body was insufficient unless the captive also surrendered his reason and his mind. Throughout the ages, the remnants of our teachings dwelt in the hidden places of your minds, proving the mind transcended the captivity of the body on those occasions when its powers were exercised. The true tensor-oriented man belongs to a most noble order of creation. The nations and races on your planet, which were blessed by these illumined ones, were fortunate indeed, for their names are remembered for their own sake. Those among you who do not comprehend the dignity of your mind and of its reasoning powers cannot properly be said to be alive. Your existence is experienced like one in a state of semi-coma. To those who make the effort to learn and to exercise your tremendous mental faculties, your mind bestows life in that it reveals the dignity and purpose of life. Your preoccupation with the body and things material bestows a living death in that these pursuits, both numb and cloud those faculties of your mind which should be responsive to the enlivening impulses of creative thought and ennobling virtue. You, who are a sublime being with an infinite capacity for self-awareness, in an effort to be true to false standards, turn from your birthright of awareness and understanding without realizing the consequences and pursue an illusionary physical and material existence. The precious span of your physical years are devoted to the pathetically futile effort to establish yourselves as an enduring power and presence in the physical realm of unenduring things. The divine awareness that you are man, a creature of both mind and spirit, fades like a memory as your awareness, trapped in the material bodies of men and women, vanishes from your objective minds as you focus your partly awakened mental faculties upon your day-to-day activities. In the lurid turmoil of your industrial, political, and commercial inferno, you writhe in self-inflicted agony and reach out into the material world, attempting to clutch and hold on to the phantoms of success and power. You remain ignorant of the cause of life, ignorant of the purpose of life, ignorant of what lies beyond the physical, and yet possessing within yourselves, through the use of your minds, the answer to it all. You are willing to sacrifice the beautiful, the true, and the good within and about you upon the blood-stained altars of your worldly ambition. The world of the mind, that beautiful garden of thought where the fraternity of man dwells, fades from your view. In its place rises an empire of stone and steel, a world in which men and women, potentially to become man, scurry to and fro in a desperate effort to experience life, and at the same time the vast institution you have erected rumbles inevitably towards an unknown end. In that physical empire which you erect, you are convinced that you can outshine the kingdom of spirit, and yet everything turns to stone. In this, your science compounds your problems, for it is concerned solely with the classification of physical knowledge, and an investigation of the temporal and illusionary parts of nature. Its so-called practical discoveries bind you ever more tightly with the bonds of physical limitation. Even the religions on your planet have become materialistic because the beauty and dignity of the spiritual belief of many is measured by piles of masonry, tracks of real estate, or by the ledger sheet. The mind of man connects heaven and earth like a mighty ladder, which the illumined of all ages have climbed into the living presence of reality. In the midst of the so-called learned men, there is rising up a new order of thinkers, which can only be described as the elite of the worldly wise men. These ones, astounded by their own intellect and that of others of their kind, consider themselves the great benefactors of mankind. These so-called gentlemen of letters have appointed themselves to be the final arbiters of all knowledge, both human and divine. There are declarations that the divine is a fabrication of primitive superstition, that there is no purpose discernible in the universe, that immortality is a popular figment of the imagination, and that an outstanding individual is but a fortuitous combination of genes and cells, are gratefully accepted by your parents as the truth. You have embraced the worship of the intellect as a substitute for the knowing of the divine and of your mind. How do the lofty, dignified, ennobling concepts of man, of the mind of man, compare with the stunted and distorted products of the effete intellectuals and the stark reality of your present time? The evidence of your irrationality is all about you. In your adopted concept that reality is only that which can be detected or perceived through the senses of your physical bodies, you have drawn a veil between yourselves and reality. When you twisted off the blossom of the mind from the stem of existence and cast it away, you relegated your most precious possession to the trash heap. All over your planet, men and women are enslaved by the physical, emotional, and cultural systems of your time, and are crying out for the return of the vanished age of beauty and enlightenment. A few among you are becoming aware that your mindless so-called civilization in its present form is approaching its vanishing point. It is beginning to dawn on even the most comatose mentality, that your cold, heartless pursuit of commercialism and material efficiency are impractical, and only the regaining of sanity through the use of your minds offers the opportunity for the expression of love and all that is worthwhile. All of you are seeking happiness, but you do not know in what direction to search. All of you, through the employment of the tensor concept training of your minds, must learn that happiness crowns the mind's quest for understanding. Only when you realize that infinite goodness and infinite accomplishment are approached through your mental doorway will inner peace be assured. The tensor concepts, once known on your planet, must rise again, for they alone can rend the veil which divides the world of cause from that of effect. This wisdom can reveal to your struggling humanity that greater and more glorious universe, which is the true home of the spiritual and mental being called man. Your current philosophies have failed in that they regard thinking as simply an intellectual process. Materialistic thought is as useless a code of life as is commercialism itself. The power to use your mind to think true is that which we offer to your peoples. The great ones, the learned teachers who have existed on your planet in the past, were all personifications of this power. Those among you who exhibit more mental awareness and rationality than your neighbors are little better than those around you. Those who are tensor-oriented and function on a still higher mental plane of rationality are the greatest poppers among you. And those who choose to function on the lowest planes of accomplishment by choice or ignorance are little better than barbarians. Thus comparative rational mental development is a true gauge of your individual evolutionary development. The tensor concepts were developed as a method whereby an individual could develop a rational mental awareness of reality and life at an accelerated rate rather than waiting for the slower successive evolutions of this via physical evolution. This supreme awareness attained by tensor-oriented individuals is a limitless source of power. This level of attainment and awareness and understanding is the knowledge and employment of the divine essence of cause by the use of your mind. You alone can become man in the highest sense if you live by the rational use and guidance of your mind. What you live with and experience, you come to know. Consequently, man lives a threefold life, spiritual, etheric, mental, and physical, and is devoted to and completely permeated by his rationality. You must come to know that man's physical, emotional, and mental spiritual natures provide environments of opposite benefit or detriment to each other, depending on his degree of mental control of the balances maintained in this relationship. Since your physical bodies and your objective awareness are immersed in the irrational of your immediate physical environment, only the mind is capable of rational thought, since it is not influenced by the physical level of events. Therefore, in any given situation, right action, right feeling, and right interpretation by your physical brains are governed by right thoughts originating in your minds. Attaining the life level of man is possible only to those who develop their minds to harmonize their physical responses with their living in a material, physical level of events. In order to become man, you must realize that none can attain to the highest in the experience called life until first he or she has attained to the highest in knowing. Man is the natural outgrowth of this awareness. Just as an intense physical existence emphasizes the importance of physical things, so the rational use of your minds ushers your awareness into the most elevated and noble of all spheres, that of thought and the rational world of man. In your present world, which is primarily concerned with the accomplishment of extremes of material activity, the tensor-oriented man represents a balancing factor capable of controlling and guiding your planet's evolutionary growth. The acquiring of such mental techniques is directly in proportion to your efforts to learn them. In the past, great civilizations on your planet used another method and vital factor which entered into the production of rational minds, but which is entirely beyond the comprehension of your modern intellects, namely the initiation of one into that known as the mystery schools. Whenever one among you demonstrated superior mental and spiritual fitness, he or she was accepted into a group of the learned, where they shared in the priceless heritage of the true tensor teachings preserved from generation to generation. This heritage of the truth and the use of the mind is the matchless treasure of the ages, and each such advanced thinker admitted to groups in turn made their individual contribution to the essential store of knowledge. Our great hope for your peoples is your rediscovery of the worlds of the mind, for all your current sorrows result from your neglect of this faculty. Those among you who sense even a part of the dignity of life and of man cannot help but realize the shallowness apparent in the activities of your present existence and age. Down through the ages on your planet, men have ruthlessly destroyed the knowledge of the past. Often they obliterated those records of human thought by which life can be intelligently directed. What was knowledge, truth, beauty, love, idealism of thought to such men as these who desired to control an infinitesimal spot in the cup merely to satisfy some personal whim or urge to uproot the universe, though knowing well that in a few short years they would leave it all as an old cause beckoning for new contention. Competition, conflict, and war, the essence of irrationality still lives on in the hearts of men and women on your planet. It cannot depart until your love affair with the irrational is ended. Armed with the science you have developed and its destructive agencies, your civilization will continue this suicidal pursuit until the dawn of reason prevails. Now from the stars come men and women schooled in the use of the mind to help you learn the techniques and dimensions of your minds so that you can emerge to build and nourish a great new age. Foreseeing the needs of that coming day when the earth will be renewed, the minds of man are reaching forth to you now so that in your new world will be incorporated the noblest and finest of all thought. It is a basic law of the universe and of man that the sum of previous experience shall be the foundation of each new existence and order of life. The great treasures of the mind will be preserved while that which is false will be allowed to perish. In your world today there are two basic kinds of ignorance, simple and complex. Simple ignorance is merely a lack of knowledge and is common to all life forms existing after the creation of the cosmos. However, this type of simple ignorance is an ever-active agent urging the mind and awareness onward to the possession of knowledge. From this virginal state of unawareness grows the desire to become aware with its resultant improvement in the life form's mental condition. Your intellect is ever surrounded by forms of existence beyond the perception of your mind's partially developed awareness. In your material, physical world of objects and events not understood is a never-failing source of mental stimulus. Thus, nature and evolution eventually provide wisdom with each life experience which result from one's efforts to cope rationally with that life's events. Only in the last analysis is the ultimate cause, or that which you now acknowledge as the creator, wise and good. Knowledge, virtue, and utility are one with the innate nature of good. Knowledge is a condition of knowing brought about by the use of your mind. Virtue, as we define it, is a condition of being, and utility a condition of doing. Therefore, you may consider that wisdom is associated with mental completeness and maturity. It is evident that such a state as we describe can only exist in the whole, for that which is less than the whole cannot possess the fullness of the all. No part of creation is complete by itself. Therefore, each part is imperfect to the extent that it falls short of the awareness of its entirety. Where incompleteness exists, there also must ignorance dwell to some degree. While it is essential that each part or life-form be capable of knowing itself as individual awareness, it remains for the experiences of each life to bring awareness of its relationship with all in the cosmos. In time, therefore, the isolated awareness of each individual fragment is reunited to become complete awareness. Then, and only then, is the condition of complete awareness an absolute reality. Then all life-forms are relatively ignorant, yet relatively wise. A microscope reveals to you on earth your significance in the cosmos, your telescopes your insignificance. Through eternities of life experiences, men and women on your planet are gradually increasing in wisdom and understanding. Under nature's control, this would require countless centuries at your present rate of progress. Now, because the timetable of events concerning your planet's evolution is accelerating, nature's method can no longer be tolerated. Therefore, the tensor concepts are once again presented to your minds so that your ever-expanding awareness can include more of the external universe within that which is your mind. Even now, in your presence of imperfection, it is dawning upon you that you can never be really happy until you are perfect in mind and spirit, and that of all of the faculties contributing to your self-perfection, none is equal in importance to your rational mind. Through the darkness of ignorance, only the illumined mind can see, and it must lead the awareness of one's self into the perfect light of unity. Since we have now discussed simple ignorance and potency in nature's evolutionary growth of awareness, we will now discuss the other form, complex ignorance, which is a far more subtle and dangerous type. Complex ignorance may be briefly defined as ignorance of ignorance. Since your civilizations returned to primitive states and you began the worship of nature, its elements, and other related fetishes, men and women dwelt in a world filled with wonders they failed to understand. Now you have erected great cities on ancestral lands, and in your present time you no longer regard yourselves as primitives. The spirit of wonder and awe that you exhibited and felt while you were living a primitive existence have been replaced by a sense of sophistication. In your present time, men and women worship their accomplishments and relegate the knowledge of space and time to the background of their awareness, or disregard such thoughts entirely. You have made a fetish of civilization as you call it, and are overwhelmed by your fabrications of stone and steel. Your gods are now ones of your own fashioning. Men and women have forgotten have forgotten how infinitesimal, how impermanent, and how ignorant they really are. Many are egotistically convinced that the planet earth is the most permanent and important of all heavenly spheres, and that the gods seated on their starry thrones must be fascinated by the momentous events taking place on your celestial anthill of chaos. From age to age, men have toiled on your earth to build cities so that they could play at being gods and rule over these cities with pomp and power. It is as though rich treasuries and millions of docile citizens could somehow elevate these men above the dignity of their own thoughts and make their civilized accomplishments outshine the distant stars. As your tiny planet proceeds along its orbit in space, it carries some billions of men and women who live and die oblivious to the magnificent existence lying beyond their terrestrial globe. Measured by the infinities of time and space, what are your captains of industry or lords of finance? If one of these were to rise until they ruled your entire planet, what would they be but petty despots seated on a grain of cosmic dust? Your mind can reveal to you your kinship with man and the cosmos. It can reveal that you are a brother to the stars which fill the heavens. It can lift you from being a taxpayer on a whirling atom of a planet to becoming man, a citizen of the universe. It can teach you that even though your bodies remain on earth, of which they are a part, that there is a power and a spirit and an awareness of self with which you may become at one with the symphony of the creator. Ignorance of ignorance, then, is that self-satisfied state of unawareness in which men and women, knowing nothing outside the limited area of their physical senses, proclaim that there is nothing beyond the boundaries of their perceptions. He who knows of no life or experience but the physical is merely ignorant, but he who declares physical life to be all-important and elevates that belief to a position of supreme reality, such a one is ignorant of his own ignorance. If the infinite had not desired men to become wise, you would not possess a mind, a mind that is perceptive and can grasp in part at least the immensity of the outer universe. The immensity of the outer universe. Man calls from the stars to men so that they may be comrades together in their use of a questing mind. Men are called to join a fraternity of thought so that their awareness may be expanded. Your mind invites you to leave the sorrow of ignorance and your despair of a fraudulent existence. Your minds, properly trained and developed, would lead you into the broad, calm vistas of truth. For the mental level of awareness is a land of peace, where those finer qualities inherent within man are given opportunity for expression and manifestation. Here you would come to know the wonders and the secrets of real being. Your existence, bathed in the radiant light of understanding, would become a wonderful and beautiful reality. From all the reaches of space, a mighty anthem of joy would reach out to embrace your being, and in the radiant knowledge gained by your mind would be revealed the purpose of existence and the wisdom and goodness of the creative essence. In these realms of thought and of mind, and of mind, your yearning hearts would find that true companionship which issues forth from the Creator. Therefore, following the path pointed out by your mind, you will seek after truth and ultimately attain to the summit of wisdom. In gazing down from the mental spheres, you will behold a panorama of life spread before you. The cities and the plains of your planet will be but tiny specks, and the horizon on every hand will be cleared of the gray haze of the unknown. Then will your mind realize that wisdom lies in the scope of one's vision, and that it increases in comparison to the vistas presented to your thoughts. Then your thoughts will lift heavenward. Streets will be lost in cities, cities in nations, and nations in continents, and continents in the earth, and the earth in space, and space in infinity. Until at last there remains but two things, your mind and the oneness of our Radiant One. While your mind is intimately linked to your physical body, which in turn mingles with the heedless throngs, it is difficult for you to conceive of man inhabiting a world of his own, a world which he has discovered by lifting himself into communion with the awareness level of thought. You will find that man may live two lives, one a struggle from birth to death, a struggle from birth to death, its span measured by men's creation, time. And you would be right in calling this the unheeding life. The other life is from your mental realization to infinity. It begins with understanding. Its duration is forever. you